README.md, before:

# Garare Sale

This is my personal garage sale.

> [!NOTE]
> Make sure to ask questions, request review, and demos before making the purchase.

> [!TIP]
> There is a possibility of discount when buying more than one item in the same transaction, consult for values.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> All products here are used (not new) and sold "as is".  
> If you have any questions make sure to ask them before the sale.

> [!CAUTION]
> All sales are final.  
> Since the products are sold as used there is no warranty from the part of the seller,  
> nor any commitment to provide support on warranty claims with the manufacturer.

> [!TIP]
> It is possible to request to review the product before the sale.  
> Testing the products when possible is also allowed.  
>
> Keep in mind the some products might not support full test/review, e.g.: android tablets/chromebooks that require a complete setup will only support testing that they turn-on/initialize.

## Items

- [The North Face Jester - Backpack](items/001-the_north_face_jester.md)
- [Lenovo Tab M9 - Android Tablet](items/002-lenovo_tab_m9.md)
- [Lenovo Ideapad Duet - Chromebook](items/003-lenovo_ideapad_duet.md)
- [Vortex TAB75 - Mechanical Keyboard](items/004-vortex_tab75.md)
- [Zeus-X Go Ultra 240W 6-in-1 - Universal Cable](items/005-zeus_x_go_ultra_50cm.md)
- [YubiKey 5 NFC - USB-A](items/006-yubikey_5_nfc_usba.md)
- [YubiKey 5 NFC - USB-C](items/007-yubikey_5_nfc_usbc.md)

Commit message:

add: tips to Watch the repository

README.md, after:

# Garare Sale

This is my personal garage sale.

> [!TIP]
> You can click 'Watch' on this repository to be notified of updates/new products.

## Disclaimers

> [!NOTE]
> Make sure to ask questions, request review, and demos before making the purchase.

> [!TIP]
> There is a possibility of discount when buying more than one item in the same transaction, consult for values.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> All products here are used (not new) and sold "as is".  
> If you have any questions make sure to ask them before the sale.

> [!CAUTION]
> All sales are final.  
> Since the products are sold as used there is no warranty from the part of the seller,  
> nor any commitment to provide support on warranty claims with the manufacturer.

> [!TIP]
> It is possible to request to review the product before the sale.  
> Testing the products when possible is also allowed.  
>
> Keep in mind the some products might not support full test/review, e.g.: android tablets/chromebooks that require a complete setup will only support testing that they turn-on/initialize.

## Items

- [The North Face Jester - Backpack](items/001-the_north_face_jester.md)
- [Lenovo Tab M9 - Android Tablet](items/002-lenovo_tab_m9.md)
- [Lenovo Ideapad Duet - Chromebook](items/003-lenovo_ideapad_duet.md)
- [Vortex TAB75 - Mechanical Keyboard](items/004-vortex_tab75.md)
- [Zeus-X Go Ultra 240W 6-in-1 - Universal Cable](items/005-zeus_x_go_ultra_50cm.md)
- [YubiKey 5 NFC - USB-A](items/006-yubikey_5_nfc_usba.md)
- [YubiKey 5 NFC - USB-C](items/007-yubikey_5_nfc_usbc.md)
